LSIF: Remove dead LSIF jobs code (#6880)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

- `repohascommitafter:` search filter uses a more efficient git command to determine inclusion. [#6739](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/6739)
- `NODE_NAME` can be specified instead of `HOSTNAME` for zoekt-indexserver. `HOSTNAME` was a confusing configuration to use in [Pure-Docker Sourcegraph deployments](https://github.com/sourcegraph/deploy-sourcegraph-docker). [#6846](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/6846)
- The feedback toast now requests feedback every 60 days of usage (was previously only once on the 3rd day of use). [#7165](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/7165)

> - The lsif-server process no longer has a dependency on redis and any custom `REDIS_ENDPOINT` configuration will be ineffective for this process. [#6880](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/6880)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The lsif-server container now only has a dependency on Postgres, whereas before it also relied on Redis. [#6880](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/6880)
```

Reviewer: I think mentioning `REDIS_ENDPOINT` here would potentially mislead users because it is still important for them if they were using it before (after all, lsif-server is not the only user of this env var) so better to just not mention that at all.
